---
layout: team
permalink: shane.html
banner: food
published: true
---

#Shane Biggins
Shane graduated from Robert Gordon University, Aberdeen with an Msc in Physiotherapy in 2012. Following this, Shane moved to Liverpool in the UK to take up a rotational position in a large NHS trust at Aintree University Hospital. Over the past 2 and a half years, Shane has completed numerous 6 monthly rotations.

In addition, over the past 5 months Shane has been working in the Aintree Major trauma centre. The centre focuses on the rehabilitation of a wide variety of patients with a range of complex musculoskeletal, orthopaedic, spinal cord and neurological injuries.

For the past 2 years Shane has also been working as a physiotherapist providing musculoskeletal physiotherapy at Woolton physiotherapy and Acupuncture; a well-established private practice in Liverpool. Here, Shane has worked with a wide variety of patients in the management, immediate care, treatment and rehabilitation of both acute and chronic injuries such as neck pain, back pain, sports injuries, joint problems/arthritis, pre and post-operative rehabilitation.

Shane has a keen interest in musculoskeletal and neurological physiotherapy having worked with a wide variety of patients in numerous areas. Shane has always been dedicated to his continuous professional development to help implement evidence based practice.

Shane has completed Acupuncture Association of Chartered Physiotherapists (AACP) training and is certified to provide acupuncture. Shane is a current member of the AACP, Irish Chartered Society of Physiotherapists (ISCP), and the Chartered Society of Chartered Physiotherapists (CSP).

As a keen GAA and rugby player himself, Shane has an interest in helping sports people with musculoskeletal problems in order to optimise their performance. He has worked with a variety of male and female sports teams providing weekly physiotherapy clinics and match day physiotherapy for football, GAA, hockey and rugby clubs.
